[Autogenerated] We're just about ready to debunk this app in a local container,
but there is one step we need to perform first.
Notice that the debug button now says Dr next to it.
This is just a reflection of a change that the doctor extension
made to the visual studio launch settings.
When I added the doctor support,
you can still run in debug against I s orchestral,
which will totally ignore anything to do with Docker.
But I will use the docker debug option that will
trigger Docker to read the docker file,
build the images and then run the final published image and
weaken Still deep bug while the APP is running inside a
docker container just like we can.
If it's running in the other options before clicking that button,
though, we need to make a tweak to the application.
This isn't a docker problem, but more of a security issue.
The container won't be able to get through to the AWS
Systems manager because it won't and shouldn't inherit the
permissions from the tool kit.
But we don't really need to get the database credentials from AWS.
Anyway, we've got them here in our A s p dot net secrets.
So what I'll do is tell the host builder that if I'm running in visual studio,
in other words,
when the hosting environment is the development hosting environment,
then don't even bother trying to read from the AWS parameter store.
And when im debugging in a container,
the doctor tools will ensure that the hosting environment
variable is still set to development.
When I truly deploy this to AWS at runtime,
the hosting environment will be production,
not development, and the code to read from the parameter store will get executed.
So this is a good way to have your cake during development and eat it too in production.